introduce test coverage reporting, update devel with Gloo Gateway references (#9646)
solo-io/gloo: devel/architecture/istio-integration.md

# Testing automtls

> The istio e2e integration tests automtls functionality with Gloo Gateway "classic" APIs and k8s Gateway API resources. This

Reviewer: nit: we still call these edge APIs

> The istio e2e integration tests automtls functionality with Gloo Gateway "classic" APIs and k8s Gateway API resources. This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Istio e2e integration tests automtls functionality with Gloo Gateway (Gloo Edge API) and Gloo Gateway (Kubernetes Gateway API) resources. This
```

helm upgrade -i -n gloo-system gloo ./_test/gloo-1.0.0-ci1.tgz --create-namespace --set global.istioIntegration.enabled=true

> 4. Show Gloo Gateway Gateway Mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Show Gateway Mode
```
